#3874 removed Key::get*AndRelease convenience methods (from public api) (#3927)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/news/_preparation_next_release.md

Bindings allow you to utilize Elektra using [various programming languages](https://www.libelektra.org/bindings/readme). This section keeps
you up to date with the multi-language support provided by Elektra.

### JNA

> Currently the binding's automated clean-up of native keys and key sets is deactivated until JNI seg-fault issues are resolved in an upcoming release. After this issues has been resolved, manual clean-up of native resources will be discouraged. Therefore the `Key::get*AndRelease` convenience methods introduced with the last release have been removed. _(Michael Tucek)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the binding's automated clean-up of native keys and key sets is deactivated until JNI segmentation fault issues are resolved in an upcoming release. After these issues have been resolved, manual clean-up of native resources will be discouraged. Therefore the `Key::get*AndRelease` convenience methods introduced with the last release have been removed. _(Michael Tucek)_
```
